hello again I am blunting out in
yesterday's video I took a look at these
which is the pocket spotlight from
Photojojo and we discovered they are a
terrific bargain for a tiny little
pocket size light that's really good on
sort of mirrorless cameras and DSLRs but
especially for those of you shoot on
your camera phones and such they're just
terrific you know you can put in your
pocket in your bag you never know you
carrying them until you need it that's
what makes them fantastic but one if
you're outdoors shooting in direct
sunlight this Y can be kind of helpful
to fill in some little shoulders if
you're particularly close to the camera
in particular cuz you get this close to
your subject and keep it out of frame
but what if your subject is a little
further away you know this isn't you
know bright enough to drown out the Sun
let's be fair so you need another option
and that's where this comes in this is
the photo Giotto through ticks
photography specialists they call it the
pocket reflector and it is exactly that
now this isn't new technology this isn't
a new idea or anything like that
reflectors have been around for quite
some time now but they're almost always
quite larger so they can be you know not
that easy to carry around and a bit
awkward to handle particularly if you're
doing a self shoot like if you have a
camera in one hand and you're trying to
use your reflector in the other hand
it's awkward and doesn't really work
that one that's where this comes in
because as you saw it folds up into that
kind of size the size that can slip into
your pocket just bewilderingly easily it
comes a little patch you can slide any
back and just like those little lights
we talked about it is so small and so
light that you can slip it in your
pocket or your bag or whatnot and you
will never ever notice you're carrying
it there is no bulk or you know burden
to lug around until you actually need it
and that's when it can become invaluable
now if you're not familiar with what
these do you can probably guess by now
by me pointing it at the light over
there it's designed to reflect light as
the name may imply so silverside
reflecting a lot of direct light very
useful fill of filling and shadows and
things like that supplementing lighting
even if you're in the studio so if I
turn off one of these lights over here
so I'm all in shadow over here I can use
this reflector to light up there we go
that side of my face so if you've only
got one light handy then this is a
really cheap and expensive way to
essentially
start shooting with a duel light setup
and I've got to be honest with you
because this is a relatively small
diameter this one reflective side
doesn't really do much of a job in most
circumstances just doesn't have the
surface area to reflect a lot of light
the white side works really well on the
bigger reflectors but you know the big
and bulky an awkward to use one-handed
we talked about that already
but the silver side works brilliantly
outdoors and I've got a bunch of stuff
that I shot with this to show you as
we're talking about and so all of this
is shot you know no additional line so
I'm showing you the before and after -
so you can kind of get a really good
idea of the difference the reflector can
make just simply by you know moving
sunlight to the other side of stuff you
can sort of bring out details and
highlight your subject so you get a
better idea of what your focus is and
beyond using this to move light around
you can actually use this to stop light
you can use it as a shade like in this
example of this statue I shot so here's
the gist how the statue looked in the
direct Sun so you can say fairly high
shadows very direct sun no clouds and
the scars to diffuse the light so I used
the reflector to actually shield the
light from the shadow to even out those
things that way I can bring the exposure
up and it looks much more gentle and
natural and soft and just lovely really
and here's an example I often using the
reflector to instead of blocking out the
lights to try and fill in the shadows on
the other side bouncing the sunlight
around which was a little difficult to
position because it was under a tree so
I had to find a position where I could
get this into a beam of sunlight and
then reflect it up into the shadow and
stuff so a little bit tricky bit and it
can be done and from the back side here
again similar thing one just natural one
where I've used a reflector to fill in
those harsh shadows and make it just a
little more pleasant and gentle you know
it's pending on what kind of looking
after maybe you want the house shadows
maybe you done the point is lacking one
of these in your bag or your pocket
doesn't you know cost you any weight or
bulk or anything just like the light
just like a sitting beginning this video
you can carry it around all day every
day and never even notice you're
carrying it but when you need it or it's
invaluable and one of my favorite things
about these beyond the boob all during
the usefulness is the fact that it does
that and because it's small it's really
easy to fold up again you get the big
ones you know sometimes you get like
pop-up tents like that and they're just
a nightmare to fall in the back the
screen on the background I'm using here
this is big oblong thing
it's such a nightmare to fold up this
one that's at least easy to fold up and
fling out again and of course you will
find yourself at some point kind of
bored or waiting for the light to change
you're waiting for someone to go away
you're waiting for some noise to die
down or something to you
can you sit there and play with this
thing for minutes I mean because there's
something deliriously childishly playful
about I'm flicking this thing open it's
okay
superhero whippin nearly knocked over my
drink that wasn't the smartest move I've
ever done but there is the Photojojo
pocket reflector and it makes a
brilliant complement to the puppet
spotlight thing I was talking about in
the last video between the two you know
you've got all your lighting conditions
covered if you're in bad light or you
just need a little bit of film lights or
you know you're working indoors or
something then this is just brilliant if
you're outdoors or something on this is
what you name between the two you know
you're unstoppable out in the world
basically you've got the whole queue
lighting conditions covered and all
without adding any bulk to your to your
kit bag it's brilliant and I love it and
I have to admit when I first spotted
these confounded jgo I thought wow
that's too small to be practical but as
I've shown you in the shots that you've
been seeing throughout this review it is
Breed to use exactly the right word get
it get brilliance that it's some I just
found out it can also be used as a
fairly effective frisbee
they fly really well but thanks for
watching I am blonde tee I hope this has
been helpful to you out there and I'll
catch you next time